My name is Clancy and I'm a
Senior Security Engineer.
My team here at
Google is part of
an ongoing effort to protect
Google's sensitive information,
customer data, PII.
Everyday is different at my job,
it allows me to use
different skills,
knowledge sets, and
no day is alike.
By trade, I am not
a engineer or software
engineer at all.
I was actually in
accounting. Being
affected by any type of
cybersecurity attack
definitely gives
you a perspective on
the opposite side.
You get to see how
this affects users,
how this affects people
that were attacked.
Had I known when I
first started out
how big of a field
cybersecurity really was,
it would have allowed
me to explore.
Python is a
developmental language.
I use it very frequently
at my role at Google.
One of my favorite things about
Python is the power
of the language.
You can use it to create
very powerful scripts that
you'll use in your
day-to-day role.
When I first picked up Python,
the trickiest part
was learning how to
say things the Pythonic way.
I used various resources
online as well as books,
as well as picking
up side projects.
One of the best things
about Python it's
a very widely used
language and you can find
many resources online
depending on your skill set.
Python, as well as
any other developmental language,
is constantly evolving.
Continue to take on projects,
continue to stretch
your knowledge
and you'll continue to grow.
The advice I can
give for a person
starting to learn
Python is make it fun.
I think once you find a
learning a language to be fun,
it allows you to
be more engaged.
Develop a good baseline
for what cybersecurity is.
Make yourself a little
well-rounded in the beginning
and then from there you
can branch out and deep dive
into subjects that are
interesting to you.
When starting out,
it can be very tough
and you feel as if you're
climbing up a big hill.
Persevere, continue to learn
and it will be a very
rewarding experience.